what's up YouTube my name is mobile 19
brio when X Y near to Wi-Fi Bell is
going to be an uber imagine looking at
his team some threats genesect I was
going to be a problem because I can hit
both my wall pretty well especially if
it has ice beam and iron head some other
stuff that I really need to worry about
I guess would be dark ride just you know
being able to put everything asleep I
have my own dark right but still and I
need to keep my own gym stick around for
later and i am using mega latios because
that's where i think it'll be you know
once it's like final release don't they
OH being oh you may be oh you've like a
couple hours then go up to Ober so
anyways I'm gonna lead off go genesect
go for the u-turn right away because
obviously I don't want to take any
damage from this blaziken now I guess
it's fortunate for me is that he
actually does not have his Meister on
him and I guess that was because like he
took it off maybe for a different battle
because maybe had something else that he
want to make evolve or something like
that I don't know not going to be too
much of a factor right now and actually
what he's gonna do is he's just gonna no
switching out he goes into his kayo
brunette that is fine what I'm gonna
decide to do is I'm going to decide
agree with the toxic because I kind of
figured he'd switch out anyway so I
didn't really think like going for a
dragon tail was that useful at this
point so I'm gonna go for the toxic this
thing is that poison very nice gonna go
into Arceus now what I actually do is I
decide to go like into this guy so that
way he could take an ice beam and he
actually in civ gone for water spout
which just sucks and now i'm going to
switch back out going to giratina
honestly thought he was gonna go for
that ice beam and i was going to end up
going for another water spell and it's
do it these mounted damage but you know
water supports going to be doing less
and less mouths just because of the
poison so now he's going to switch out
realizing that he can't do too much to
me and he's going to go to his ekrem I'm
gonna decide to go for the dragon tail
we're just going to do a pretty good
amount of damage that's a Crump gonna be
very helpful now into going into
genesect and I kind of felt like this
thing an ice beam but I didn't really
know I just you know was like man
whatever so he's going to end up for the
ice beam does a lot of damage but does
not knock me out I'm gonna decide to go
for the dragon tail here again and now
I'm going to force him to go back into
his that grub and I really don't want to
switch it out because I don't know if
he's gonna go for able to strike
predicting me to go into RC s ferry or
go for an hour
rich pretty for me to stay in so um I
decided to watch out anyways and I just
didn't really know what to do kitchens
haze for whatever reason yeah the this
was a really good battle I just have no
idea why his head he has no idea why
either is a misclick of some sort but I
don't really see haze being useful all
zekrom I don't know man that's my
personal opinion I usually run sleep
talk bold strike full twitching like my
rage so anyways I'm able to go for a
judgment which is going to be able to
get rid of the Kyogre which is going to
be very nice and helpful he's now going
to go to Blaziken and he's going to go
for that civil protect i kind of wish I
went for a recover there but I just
didn't do that so now he's going to go
for a poison Jeff don't know how well I
would have been able to take that but
since he has like no item I probably
wouldn't be able to take that fine if I
weren't for the WorkCover there but oh
well I'm going to go to latios gonna
mega evolve with this thing I know that
it's on the rain you can't really do too
much damage to me at all it's not gonna
go for the flare blitz I believe
actually though like a maybe a poison
jab will do a little bit more under the
rain but not in this situation because
he crits me and then he burns me oh wow
anyways he's gonna end up losing
displays okay now what I'm going to
decide to do is I am going to decide
switch out because obviously jinsuk is a
threat and i'm expecting to be choice
coughs or what I'm gonna do switch right
outgoing my dear Tina just so that way i
can either let him die or I don't really
know what as to what i can do so he's
gonna go for the east beat and then he
goes for ice beam so obviously it's not
scarf so it looks like you might have
been bluffing at the entire time i did
have HP fire and i coulda knocked him
out I don't want to risk that though so
now I'm gonna end up losing my dear Tina
I went for a toxic I don't know why I
just thought maybe you would squirt out
may be fair and go for the rest I mean I
didn't really think dragon tail would be
this useful so now I'm going to go into
my Blaziken an unfortunate for me too is
that I usually run mega Blaziken all
this team but I wanted to try mega
latios and see how that plan but for me
I still the mega stone on hand so I
don't have a life or anything so that
kind of sucks honestly because now life
or bliss flare blitz is not going to
kill I didn't want to go for a high jump
kick I know I want to miss that so I'll
just say I kind of thought the flavor
bullets per killed two I thought that
was a minimum damage the first time and
fortune
it wasn't he's able to go for an outrage
which is going to be able to knock me
out easily especially because the crib
probably would have died anyways so now
i go for you to him with my genesect and
i'm going to switch out i'm going to go
into my dark ride maybe see if I maybe
it's something put to sleep that'd be
very helpful but he actually ends a
brain in his own dark right he's gonna
win a speed tire something looks like
that and he's able to put me to sleep
unfortunately so there's really not much
I can do about that and because bad
dreams my focus stash is now pretty much
useless because I can diet to really Oh
a CH any ohk a move so or anything
that's gonna knock me out at least so
now I'm going to go into my genesect I
have to go for the u-turn do as much
damage as possible I don't even kill
like we see keyless not that much damage
at all let me go back in my dark ride
kind of just using his death Potter
hoping that I wake up the next turn and
out speed I out speed but I do not wake
up the next term which is unfortunate
now I'm gonna end up losing my dark rice
so now I have no choice again I have to
go back in my genesect and this time
what I'm gonna do is I'm going to end up
going for an ice beam and what he does
is actually in thick boring and a
genesect then I just didn't really know
what to do about that so I end up going
for an ice cream now not unlocked it I
want to save genesect for later because
I don't know if this requires is going
to be choice car club because I haven't
seen anything else choice car so I kind
of fearing that it might be um I end up
going to la diosa I just gonna let him
die unfortunately and he still had his
dart price so something like ladders
could really do that much really my only
chance here is like blaze kick
everything and somehow miraculously
wouldn't hope that he just never be
created so now I'm gonna go for the
blaze kick knockout him if you did bring
a doctor at this point yeah that thing
would have been dead too but
unfortunately it didn't so I'm gonna try
and go for the blaze kick unfortunately
i miss and that is going to be good game
because he's going to hit me with that
very powerful v create and that is the
game so i know i haven't like you know
obviously done like a mono t-type team
battle in a while I have one tomorrow
night's gonna be mono rock was pretty
good match and I know all of you will
enjoy it hopefully and yeah I'm gonna
start doing some more loads it's prom
week and I'm going to two proms this
weekend like it's ridiculous like okay
so my girlfriend Hannah of course her
prom is one as Friday night
my prom is saturday night and we're both
going to both problems and both after
prom so and I baseball practice on
sunday and i have to go to my sisters
recital i am going to be dead just just
plain out the I I'm going to die I mean
there is no way and then I got to take a
couple exams next week because senior
stuff and whatnot but oh well so I'll
see you guys later make sure leave a
like on the video if you enjoyed I'll
see you later bye bye